README: reword DLQ section. (#1958)
svix/svix-webhooks: README.md

One of our main goals with open sourcing the Svix dispatcher is ease of use. The hosted Svix service, however, is quite complex due to our scale and the infrastructure it requires. This complexity is not useful for the vast majority of people and would make this project much harder to use and much more limited.
This is why this code has been adjusted before being released, and some of the features, optimizations, and behaviors supported by the hosted dispatcher are not yet available in this repo. With that being said, other than some known incompatibilities, the internal Svix test suite passes. This means they are already mostly compatible, and we are working hard on bringing them to full feature parity.

# Redis task queue DLQ

In case of repeated internal errors when processing a task, a task may end up in the dead letter queue (DLQ).

> Redis does not include built in support for DLQs, therefore when using the Redis queue backend, Svix manages its own DLQ. It's therefore important to monitor the DLQ depth to ensure that it's always empty. You can do that using the `svix.queue.depth_dlq` metric. Any non-zero values indicate that there are tasks in the DLQ that should be addressed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Redis does not include built-in support for DLQs, therefore when using the Redis queue backend, Svix manages its own DLQ. It's therefore important to monitor the DLQ depth to ensure that it's always empty. You can do that using the `svix.queue.depth_dlq` metric. A non-zero value indicates that there are tasks in the DLQ that should be addressed.
```
